Add Statistics config flow (#33427)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/statistics.markdown

ha_codeowners:
  - '@ThomDietrich'
ha_domain: statistics
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `statistics` integration observes the state of a source sensor and provides aggregated statistical characteristics about its recent past. This integration can be useful in automations, e.g., to trigger an action when the air humidity in the bathroom settles after a hot shower or when the number of brewed coffee over a day gets too high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `statistics` integration observes the state of a source sensor and provides aggregated statistical characteristics about its recent past. This integration can be useful in automation, for example, to trigger an action when the air humidity in the bathroom settles after a hot shower or when the number of brewed coffees over a day gets too high.
```

</div>

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> Further information about these configuration options can be read in the [YAML configuration](#yaml-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further information about these configuration options can be found under the [YAML configuration](#yaml-configuration)
```
